hello in this video I show you how
prepare a moisturizer at home
for the face to the rose in fact two three
days ago published on instagram
twitter facebook the water photo of
hydro roses the pink app that I was
arrived from the novel nanì was just
just arrived and meanwhile in short
you told me he liked it
see a tutorial on how to make it
a rose face cream then there
I immediately put it because it had anyway
a need to prepare in this cream
and so here it is I decided precisely of
immediately record the video to upload it
I'm sorry because I didn't upload many
video of this period because how
you will probably be on the GDP not that
now I am very cold indeed
all a bit of influence and I am
taking up slowly and then in short
today I still feel a little better
compared to the other days I already have
anyway started working again
in short, I am at full capacity
but in reality they are not yet in shape
at 100 percent, however, I am here
I really wanted to do this to you
tutorial because the face cream that
I prepared I like it was there years
according to me the cream that is good in
spring and summer
I made this cream
for those with normal skin that tends
to be mixed normal view then
in the info box below the video I put the
quantity of oils and butters to be changed into
based on your skin type so if
you have dry skin or oily skin
in the info box you will find all the
replacements and all the various ones
amount the various doses in short, I now
I leave you to victory I very much hope that
you will like this tutorial let me know
what do you think about it
and if you like it click I like it and
subscribe to my channel among other things vi
I'm also waiting on my social instagram
facebook and twitter because sometimes
i do this is my phone because
every now and then I decided to do some
contest some giveaway to give you
a little bit short and then you can
participate if you follow me on social networks
I leave you to the tutorial I send you a
see you in the next video
Hello
first I go to put in a
small pot the hydro side of roses or water of
roses that you can replace with water
distilled or another hydro side
to this I add the shea butter which
goes to nourish by softening the skin and
I chose the oil of apricot oil
but you can replace it with another oil
among those I indicated at the beginning
of the tutorial finally add the oliver
thousand which is the auto mission ante of
this product I put it all to
bain-marie for a few minutes to make
melt the shea butter and the olive
and miller
remember to mix from time to time
to make the ingredients that you
they have to melt they melt more
quickly
as you can see now it has melted
all
I'm going to remove the bath pot
maria io for convenience should be transferred
all the compound in another
container however you can safely
use the previous one what
you put in a bain-marie i go to
blend with the blender for two minutes
then I go to put it all in a bathroom
maria cold then a container like
this with cold water and
I transfer the container to this one
cold bain-marie and continue to blend
with the blender for another two minutes
stop whipping when in fact
we will get a compound like this dense
and creamy
we could say that our cream is already
ready now we can go to
add all the other ingredients
I add the vitamin and tocopherol that it has
moisturizing and anti-aging properties if there is none
you have it you can avoid putting it
or you can replace it with the
provitamin b5 or with allantoin
then I add the essential rose oil
or of lavender if you have you can
use another natural fragrance
or the essential oil you use
usually when you prepare the cream
for the face
finally I add the preservative cons card
which will allow us to keep the
produced up to 5 6 months at temperature
environment
the last step is very important is
this then measure the ph with the
litmus paper found in
pharmacy that must be between
4.5 and 5.5 I then transfer everything to the
final container is the one here is the
our rose face cream is
ready to be used
I very much hope that this tutorial there
both liked and that you will like this
cream
let me know what you think and us
see you in the next video hi a
big kiss